This file is a combination of research on how JS classes work, USED to work, and my personal thoughts on the good/bad points of them,
as well as js objects.

You cannot change the number or the type of properties of a class after you define the class. 
In JavaScript, however, at run time you can add or remove properties of any object.

In classes, it seems when you declare an object, it's local to the class, even without "let" keywords.
    Remember, classes are a declaration (prototype) of an object, rather than an instantiation, so that seems to change the rules lol...

It feels like you can think of JS classes as a blueprint of how you expect an object of that class to behave for predictability- however, once instantiated,
    you can each individual object to behave how you want.  Where in Java, once you declare an object, it's set in stone to that classe's blueprint.  You can't modify 
    the structure of the object (although you can modify the values that it contains).

I feel as though a proper "Class" (aka Prototype) is like a signature or a contract that signs off on that object type.  
    If you change an instantiated object of a class (AKA the model, the blueprint, the prototype, the contract), you're essentially changing the "Type" of the object.
    Since you are allowed to chagne the structure of an object on-the-fly, I feel as though JS still isn't true OOP... Libraries and Frameworks can be tampered with
    or broken, since you break the contract of how a certain object must be modeled.  Libraries and frameworks would then work unpredictably.

One advantage to this is that it can be way cleaner to construct objects on the fly using JSON, or function object instantiation (link 1 sort of explains it).
You don't need multiple files to put together a simple object, and the object can be simultaenously declared and used alongside the logic of your code!
It's truly a double-edged sword though.  Information-hiding is scary to achieve, as a developer could accidentally overwrite an important piece of code in a downstream
object type.

Creating classes in js is a somewhat new feature, and link 2 goes through it and compares it to Java.  It's still kind of janky though, and I think it overlaps
with function instantiation (Link 1).

It's also good to know that JS achieves Object Orientation through something called Prototype-based programming.  See Link 3.

It's weird how in some ways JS is the opposite to Java, which is class-based instead of prototype based.
Quote on prototype based language:
    You make prototype objects, and then make new instances. Objects are mutable in JavaScript, so we can augment the new instances, giving them new fields and methods.
    These can then act as prototypes for even newer objects. We don't need classes to make lots of similar objects… Objects inherit from objects.
    What could be more object oriented than that?

In Java, everything IS an object, but you need to define a Class to do anything.  The class itself is an object, but at the end of the day, all objects
    are defined from a Class, and either composed within a class or extended by a class.  Objects are not allowed to go "off the grid" (designed or altered on-the-fly).
JS really feels like the wild-west, where anything goes, and anyone can do anything.
Java feels like a "refined and proper" language, but can quickly become a beaurecratic nightmare because of the raw number of files you need to jump through
    to make things function to the perfect theoretical standard.  Logic implementation is oftentimes (but not always) seperate from class definitions.
    (Not always, because sometimes some reingorcement logic is pushed into getters/setters, or even constructors... which I would argue makes that particular
    java object NOT simple, even if it is just a minor "if" statement).

1: https://stackoverflow.com/a/17525472
2: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Details_of_the_Object_Model
3: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prototype-based_programming